Miss Cao
Moxie's and Song Yuchuan sneaked into your party
Is this to borrow your resources to rise to the top?
So you don't seem surprised.
Pregnant women don't have to admit to having children
Meng Xinxin is also quite pitiful
That being the case
Then I'll add some horses to this great mother
Let him experience what it means to suffer in the world
I want to give the best resources to Monchey County
By the way, there's a good show later, don't forget
What show?
Close to
Miss Tang, I'm here to dance
You have the heart that I don't have a dance partner alone
Why can't you just stay away from me?
Maybe it's because
I heard your scaled-down conversation.
A red face
A blackface
You are the bad guy
Du Xinghe is approaching a certain line
Throw unlimited resources to lure him into the bait
How can there be a good show without me, my senior brother, him?
He's not here so what about me
Near the water, the platform gets the moon first